♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Pups Save a Pool Day."
[Rubble barks2]
Now, when you come out the tube slide,
you'll have a nice, soft landing!
Okay, I just need to tighten this bolt.
[barks] Ratchet!
[barks]
Whoo-hoo!
-Yeah!
-[panting]
Soft as a sandy cloud,
and the new slide's all done!
I'm done too. [panting]
I need to cool down. [sighs]
You can say that again. [sighs]
[panting]
Hey, the pool is opening today!
Let's take a dip!
Sounds good! As long as I don't get wet.
All right!
I can't wait to dive into the…
empty pool?
We can't swim in an empty pool!
Everybody was planning
to spend the day at the pool!
Alex, Katie…
[Rubble] Me!
I was planning
to spend the day at the pool.
[Rocky] What happened to the water?
I don't know,
but we have to find out!
This is a job for the PAW Patrol!
Let's go!
Come on, Marshall! It's a pool day!
[Marshall] All ready. I just need a towel
and sunglasses and sunblock
and a hat and some cold water
and, of course,
my Apollo Superdog comic book.
Oh!
Whoa!
I'm ready to float the day away.
[panting]
-Excuse us!
-Pardon the pups!
Hey, it's the PAW Patrol!
Go, pups, go!
There's Ryder!
Whoa!
[both] Whoa!
[grunts]
Sorry, Rubble!
Hey, pups. What's wrong?
Ryder, we've got a big problem!
[panting] No water…
in the pool!
No water in the swimming pool?
What are we gonna do?
Don't worry, Alex.
The PAW Patrol will fix it.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Here I come!
[grunts] Whoa!
[all barking]
Whoa!
Look out!
[grunts]
[Marshall] How'd I do?
The judges can't agree!
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for hustling over
in this heat, pups.
We have an emergency.
There's no water in the pool.
Yeah, how can we cool off in a dry pool?
First, we have to find out
why the pool's empty.
It gets filled up
from the town's water tower.
For some reason, the water
isn't getting from the tower to the pool.
We need to find the problem and fix it.
[beeps]
Marshall, I need you and your ladder
to check out the tower.
I'm fired up!
[beeps]
Rubble, I need your shovel
in case we need to dig up the pipes
that carry the water to the pool.
They might be blocked.
Rubble on the double!
The rest of you pups
head over to the pool.
We'll fill it in no time!
All right, PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[laughing] Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
There's our problem!
The pad holding up the tower slipped.
That bent
the pipe that takes the water to the pool.
We have to fix the tower
before we can fix the pipe.
Whoa! That's a big job!
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
-We just need a few more paws on this case.
-[beeps]
Chase, the pipe
from the water tower is bent.
I need you and your winch
and Rocky and his forklift in a hurry!
[both] You got it, Ryder!
Ready, Chase?
[barks] Chase is on--
Is that Skye's bathing cap?
Huh? No!
Be right back.
Chase is on the case!
[all sigh]
Still no water in the pool.
[sighs]
We have to find some way
to help those kids cool down.
Hmm.
[gasps] Be right back!
[Zuma barks]
Here's your popsicles, Zuma.
[panting]
Thanks, Mr. Porter!
Now, you better hurry.
Those popsicles
won't last long in this heat.
[Zuma panting]
Good thinking, Zuma!
The kids will love these!
[all cheering]
Yay, icy popsicles!
Aw, melted goo!
[all groan]
Whew, I am one hot dog.
Too bad there's no mustard and ketchup!
[giggles]
[both laugh]
[siren blaring]
[Rocky] Wow, the tower is really leaning.
It looks like it might fall over
if we don't do something.
Okay, PAW Patrol.
You each have an important job to do.
Chase, I need
your cable hook and winch motor.
Cable hook and winch, on the way!
Ruff!
Marshall, climb up and attach the hook
to the corner of the tower.
[barks]
Winch cable is hooked on!
Rubble, I need you
to put dirt under the pads
so we can make
the corner of the tower level.
Let's dig it!
Rocky, use your forklift
to pick up the pad
so Rubble can put the dirt underneath.
Let's do it!
Still no water in the pool. [sighs]
Now what?
My turn! Be right back!
What could be cooler than snow?
Check it out!
Here comes Skye to cool us off!
[kids cheering]
Uh-oh! Whoa!
[shivering]
First I was a hot dog,
and now I'm a pup-sicle!
[shivers] Too cold!
Okay, pups, let's go!
Chase, start the winch motor.
You got it, Ryder!
[barks] Motor!
Okay, Rocky, lift the pad!
I'll fill in the gravel! [barks]
That did it! Cement pad going down.
Okay, Chase, let it down easy.
[barks] Winch out!
Great, it's level!
Now, let's fix the bent pipe
and get the water flowing to the pool.
I'll see what I've got in my truck.
Here's an extra pipe!
[panting] Hurry up, Rocky!
I'm ready to hit the pool
and get good and wet!
I'm ready to sit by the pool
and stay good and dry.
[barks] Wrench!
[Ryder] Shutting the water off.
[barks]
That should do it!
Let's see if we fixed it!
Now, this is a pool day!
[laughs]
[pop]
Huh?
Sorry, dude.
[laughs]
Skye, I'm just about to turn
the water back on.
The pool should start filling up
any second now.
Yes!
Get ready, everyone!
Ryder says the water is on its way!
[all cheering]
Whoo! Yay!
[gurgling]
[all groan]
[all cheering]
The pool is filling up!
Whoo-hoo, let's swim!
Wait, it needs to be full
before you jump in.
[kids] Oh!
All right, everybody. Ready, set…
get wet!
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
-[giggles]
-Yeah!
Hey, Ryder!
Hey, Katie.
[kid] Whoo-hoo!
Thanks for fixing the pool, PAW Patrol!
You're welcome, Alex.
Remember, whenever there's trouble,
just yelp for help.
-Yay! Hooray!
-[chuckles]
Okay, pups,
time for the cannonball competition!
Not me!
I'm going to stay nice and dry up here.
On your bark, get set, go!
-[barks]
-[Marshall] Here I come!
I'm wet!
Zero points for splashing the judge!
[both laugh]
Oh, Rocky, you're all wet!
[theme song playing]